Use mailcow as mail server instead of postfix/dovecot (#25)
deltachat/mailadm: doc/index.rst

sqlite database.  It comes with an example install script that
can be modified for distributions.

Quick Start
-----------

.. note::

    To use mailadm, you need admin access to a `Mailcow
    <https://mailcow.email/>`_ instance. You can run mailadm as a docker
    container, either on the same machine as mailcow or somewhere else.

First get a git copy of the mailadm repository and change into it.

    $ git clone https://github.com/deltachat/mailadm
    $ cd mailadm

Now you need to configure some environment variables in a file called ``.env``:

> * ``MAIL_DOMAIN``: the server name of the email addresses your users will have.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``MAIL_DOMAIN``: the domain part of the email addresses your users will have. 
```

* ``WEB_ENDPOINT``: the web endpoint of mailadm; make sure mailadm receives
  POST requests at this address.
* ``MAILCOW_ENDPOINT``: the API endpoint of your mailcow instance.
* ``MAILCOW_TOKEN``: the access token for the mailcow API; you can generate it
  in the mailcow admin interface.

In the end, your ``.env`` file will probably look like this:

.. code:: bash

    export MAIL_DOMAIN=mail.example.org
    export WEB_ENDPOINT=http://mailadm.example.org:3691/
    export MAILCOW_ENDPOINT=https://mailcow-web.example.org/api/v1/
    export MAILCOW_TOKEN=932848-324B2E-787E98-FCA29D-89789A
    
Now you can build and run the docker container:

.. code:: bash

    $ sudo docker build . -t mailadm-mailcow
    $ touch mailadm.db

>     $ . .env && sudo docker run --mount type=bind,source=$PWD/mailadm.db,target=/mailadm.db --mount type=bind,source=$PWD/.env,target=/mailadm/.env --rm mailadm-mailcow /usr/bin/mailadm init --web-endpoint $WEB_ENDPOINT --mail-domain $MAIL_DOMAIN --mailcow-endpoint $MAILCOW_ENDPOINT --mailcow-token $MAILCOW_TOKEN

Reviewer: are there sometimes other db-related files like mailadm.wap or .mailadm.db or something that might need binding? 
Might make anyway sense to rather create a `docker-data` directory (with .env and mailadm.db files) and bind-mount that into docker?  It's better than creating it in-place in the main dir of the checkout.  Also the .gitignore can then ignore the `docker-data` directory.

Author: makes sense, but let's do this after this PR :) I put it into #27.

    $ sudo docker run -d -p 3691:3691 --mount type=bind,source=$PWD/mailadm.db,target=/mailadm.db --name mailadm mailadm-mailcow gunicorn -b :3691 -w 1 mailadm.app:app

.. note::

    As the web endpoint also transmits passwords, it is highly recommended to
    protect the WEB_ENDPOINT with HTTPS, for example through an nginx reverse
    proxy. In this case, WEB_ENDPOINT needs to be the outward facing address,
    in this example maybe something like
    `https://mailadm.example.org/new_email/`.
    
    If you want to use the same TLS certificates as for mailcow, it might be
    necessary to run them on the same machine or use some other mechanism to
    synchronize them. Take this into account when you plan your production

>     setup.

Reviewer: Not sure what you are warning about exactly.  The web-endpoint can run anywhere, and can drive mailcow instances remotely.   That the web endpoint runs on the same URL as the mailcow server is a special case and doesn't need to be discussed. I'd simply strike the paragraph.

Author: I struck it :)
